Update and improve the bootloader documentation (#1288)
InfiniTimeOrg/InfiniTime: doc/gettingStarted/updating-software.md

Firmware updates must be manually validated. If the firmware isn't validated and the watch resets, the watch will revert to the previous firmware. This is a safety feature to prevent bricking your device with faulty firmware.

> If the new firmware is working correctly, open the settings and select the "Firmware" entry. This setting page displays the version of the firmware that is currently running, and allows you to validate the firmware, or reset the device to rollback to the previous version.

Reviewer: I'm more used to seeing it expressed as "roll back" in this context, being the verb form might be less confusing than the noun-form.

```suggestion
If the new firmware is working correctly, open the settings and select the "Firmware" entry.
This settings page displays the version of the firmware that is currently running, and allows you to validate the firmware, or reset the device to roll back to the previous version.
```
